v1.1: Multi-index search (#2208)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/what_is_meilisearch/features.md

## Phrase search

[Wrap search terms in double quotes (`"`) for strict queries](/reference/api/search.md#phrase-search) that only return exact matches.

## Multi-index search

> Perform [multiple search queries on one or more indexes with a single HTTP request](/reference/api/multi_search.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also called federated search, it permits [searching across multiple indexes](/reference/api/multi_search.md) without having to individually search each one with a dedicated HTTP request.
```

Adding the term federated search and a quick explanation
